Be careful, Lizzie. Because the truth of it is once you start down this road, there’s no logical place to stop. You could see to her education, health insurance, housing. You can watch her. Or have her watched. Keep her safe. Try to ascertain her… hopes, dreams, desires. Pull strings, call in favors to discreetly smooth the path. And, for the first few years, it may work. You’ll draw some measure of virtue from being her invisible benefactor. But, that won’t last. It’s all a fraud. That it’s really not about her at all. That it’s all about you. And you’re just… going through the motions to salve your own guilt. But, all the money, all the time and effort, all the favors in the world cannot possibly equal what you took away from her. Everything else is… just a nice gesture.
In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Everybody likes apples.
Agent Keen, in this world, there are no sides. Only players.
Revenge isn’t a passion. It’s a disease. It eats at your mind, and poisons your soul.
Agent Ressler. Once you cross over, there are things in the darkness that can keep your heart from feeling the light again.
Last night, I got up for a scoop of orange sherbet and she caught my eye. I just stood here in the dark squinting at her. Poor thing ruined my appetite. Even after I went back to bed, all I could hear was the hideous music she must be playing. Didn’t sleep a wink.
I was once on the island of Ko Ri, free diving in the Andaman Sea. I fell terribly ill, stung by a lionfish. I was dehydrated and in excruciating pain. I had lost all sense of time and place, completely disoriented. But I knew I was dying. So I readied myself for it. And in that moment at death’ door, I looked up… And standing over me in the brightness was this landless Moken Sea Gypsy. Just standing there. Smiling. She and her tribe nursed me back to health. Good as new. When I left the island, she kissed me, it was like a burst of sunlight on my cheek. It was… It made nearly dying welling worth it. That’s how I feel now.
I met Dr. Sanders here through a mutual friend to discuss a very delicate and underfunded research project. As I recall, the science was awesome, but financially precarious. We did, however, spend a glorious weekend in God’s Country with two snow bunnies who were dead ringers for the Swiss Miss Girl.
Reciprocity’s a bitch, right, dahling? Screw the bear, the bear screws back. Batteries not included.
I finally had a chance to see her, Sam. There’s a fire inside she got from you. She’s volatile, unpredictable, soft, and hard, and… soft again. Stronger than she knows. You gave her an incredible gift, Sam. Taking her in and loving her as your own.
Then you’ll just have to find another criminal to talk to Elizabeth Keen and make fun of Agent Ressler.
Yes. It’ll undoubtedly take some time. But I’m sure she’ll be fine. He’ll always be there with her. Standing in the shadows to keep her safe. Laughing with her in the light. Watching through her eyes, all those who get close. He’ll always be there. She will be fine.
When I was young, I wanted to dance. I saw Gary Cooper dance on the screen, it was wonderful. Years later when I saw Gary, he looked old and grey. It turned out he had a cracked heart valve, very difficult to fix. He was on a waiting list to the end of his days. Just like Elias.
You’re already in their hands. The only thing they haven’t done is close their fist.
As my father used to say to me, just because you’ve been bumped up to first chair in the orchestra, doesn’t mean you can compose a symphony.
Every cause has more than one effect.
You seem younger in person than you appear to be when lurking in the background on television. Are you a swimmer?
My God! It tastes so good! I hesitate to swallow and I certainly don’t wanna spit it out. Oh, what the hell?
You two out here, playing grab ass in the woods just smacks of something biblical.
Life is far too important a thing to ever talk seriously about.
I’m not a gum ball machine, Lizzie. You don’t get to just twist the handle whenever you want a treat.
You can’t judge a book by its cover, but you can by its first few chapters, and most certainly by its last.
You know the problem with drawing lines in the sand? With a breath of air they disappear.
There is nothing that can take the pain away. But eventually, you will find a way to live with it. There will be nightmares. And every day when you wake up, it will be the first thing you think about. Until one day it will be the second thing.
You and I both know thinking on your feet is not your strong suit Luther. You will make a mistake and when you do, I will be there to indulge in the undeniable pleasure and sweet satisfaction of 'I told you so.'
I had bullets, he had words. But when he was done talking, for the first time I truly understood which of those was more powerful.
I prefer to have my pain ignored than have no pain at all. Without pain there can be no real pleasure. Without the lows, you have no way to measure the highs.
I have many thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears. At the moment, the main one being to put a bullet in your forehead.
I find LSD to be helpful in dark times and a blast in good times. Nothing loosens a tight sphincter like a good eight-hour acid trip.
There’s a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot
When you love someone you have no control. That's what love is - being powerless.
You made a deal with the devil. Just because the devil gives you a way out, doesn’t mean he’s any less of a devil
If horses were wishes, beggars would ride.
Value loyalty above all else
Never underestimate the power of glitter.
Life is far too important a thing to ever talk seriously about
Sometimes bad luck is the best luck you’ll ever have.
I have found in my experience people rarely change and when they do, they’re not to be trusted.
I’m a contrarian by necessity, not by choice. If people were wrong less often, my life would be much easier.
It's just a part of life--watching the generation ahead of you, the people you care about, grow old... at some point, you start to... do the mental work necessary to prepare yourself for the inevitable. And yet, I'm afraid I stand here, Marvin, woefully unprepared.
Beware the Fury of a patient man
That's what love is... being helpless.
I lied. I do that.
Every day it will be the first thing you think about when you wake up, until one day, it’ll be the second thing
Someone who is willing to burn the world down to protect the one person they care about that’s a man I can understand
You made a devil’s bargain. Did you really expect me to stop being the devil?
What good are ethics if you aren’t alive to live by them?
Forgiveness doesn’t mean accepting what you’ve done, Donald. It means understanding that the line dividing good and evil cuts through the hearts of all of us.
In the short term, justice always loses to politics.
Ineptitude bothers me. A lack of originality. Margarine. This and most everything else... Deck chairs on the Titanic.
Agent Park, I look forward to the day when you are as wise as you are aggressive. Until then I suggest you protect yourself from further embarrassment by saying nothing.
The cleaner suddenly fancies herself the strategist.
Flying is life. Falling is death.
So, we’re all good at reading people. What fun!
A Wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer
I did done.. do
