"Lies By Omission Are Still Lies, Harold. Some Would Argue They're The Worst Kind."
"People Say Money Can't Buy Happiness, But It Can Buy You A Yacht Big Enough To Sail Right Up To It."
"There's Nothing That Can't Be Accomplished With A Little Ingenuity And A Lot Of Explosives."
"There's No Such Thing As Luck. Just Well-Placed Opportunities."
"The Past Is A Ghost That Never Truly Leaves Us."
"I Can Only Lead You To The Truth."
"A man who's willing to burn the world down to protect the one person they care about, that's a man I understand."
"Have I Threatened You Before?"
"As a rule, I consider jealousy to be a base emotion, but in this case, it’s quite endearing."
"Once you cross over, there are things in the darkness that can keep your heart from feeling the light again."
"I had bullets, he had words. But when he was done talking, for the first time I truly understood which of those was more powerful."
"That is what separates men like him from men like you...and me."
"I Always Found Fear To Be My Most Valuable Sense."
"When you love someone you have no control. That’s what love is. Being powerless."
"In This World There Are No Sides."
"Life Is Far Too Important A Thing Ever To Talk Seriously About."
"God Can't Protect You, But I Can."
"Revenge Isn't A Passion; It's A Disease... Make sure your passion isn't your sickness."
"That's The Sound Of Your Checks Bouncing."
"Wisdom is learning the boundaries of one's designated lane."
"Value Loyalty Above All Else."
"You Can't Judge A Book By Its Cover. But you can, by its first few chapters and certainly by its last."
"There Is Nothing That Can Take The Pain Away. But eventually, you will find a way to live with it. There will be nightmares. And every day when you wake up, it will be the first thing you think about. Until one day it will be the second thing."
"You Know The Problem With Drawing Lines In The Sand? With a breath of air, they disappear."
"You Can't Possibly Fathom How Deep That Well Of Mine Truly Goes."
"I prefer to have my pain ignored than have no pain at all. Without pain there can be no real pleasure. Without the lows, you have no way to measure the highs."
"I have many thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears. At the moment, the main one being to put a bullet in your forehead."
"I find LSD to be helpful in dark times and a blast in good times. Nothing loosens a tight sphincter like a good eight-hour acid trip."
